so wall you're doing
this coming out of the nineteen
sixties into the early nineteen
said
we are going to the moon are you
are you thinking about that at
all good I don't notice any
science
your storytelling but its in the
news
so did did
did you reflect on it in any way
privately or canada is
such a good question a that is
that's a good question here's is
close to the outcome I've had in
mind for a good many years
happens
character in mind he's eleven
years old
and he knows everything about
climate change
pain in the ass everybody cuz he
cant but he knows it all
called funny as hell and
I know I I might be doing it
myself
show because I am able to
convince anybody else to put in
their shores I'm
with giving away the idea for
this to be the headliner change
kid
I like I'm I want the
appellation the climate change
here
why richer so that would be a
person who is so
everyone's conscience yes to
shows up yeah
we always you religiously want
to discount him because he's a
kid
but you know you can't because
he's really does homework right
and because he said something
that certainly I never
and beer agreed but I've never
really heard for you
companies like an interview in
that way
you know you're laughing in your
lap but it's leaking something
that could do one a lot bigger
for
okay and services this is the
modern
more manlier thinking oh
issues in our culture today
that people need to deal with
mmm anything in a show for its
so we need to come back
you keep the door open gonna
keep waving